Jordan West's Final Project for SDEV150

User Manual for West's Pizzeria GUI

1. Introduction
	This is a pizza ordering GUI for a new pizza resturaunt. It consists of personal information, pizza size, and topping(s) a customer would like.

2. Windows
	I.		Window 1:
				4 Tabs:
					Information, Confirmation, Sizes, and Toppings
			Window 2:
				Displays all the information gathered from Window 1, only accessible by clicking the "Checkout" button on Tab 4. 

3. Tabs
	I. 		Information
	II. 	Confirmation
	III. 	Sizes
	IV. 	Toppings
	
4. Tab Contents, Details, and Functions
	I.  	The "Information" tab contains:
				Three entry boxes for the users:
					Name, Address, Address2, and Phone Number. 
				Two buttons:
					Confirm Contact Information: 
						Tabs the user over to the Confirmation tab, which is the third tab. 
					Exit:
						Exits the application.
					
	II. 	The "Confirmation" tab contains:
				A display of the users text that was input in the "Information" tabs entry boxes.
				Three Buttons:
					Redo Contact Information:
						This button sends the user back to the "Information" tab and resets the data to allow the user to input the correct information.
					Sizes:
						This button sends the user to the "Sizes" tab, which is the third tab.
					Exit:
						Exits the application.
		
	III. 	The "Sizes" tab contains:
				A dropdown menu button that allows the user to select a size of pizza they wish to order.
				Three Buttons:
					Go Back:
						This button sends the user back to the previous tab, the "Confirmation" tab.
					Toppings:
						This button sends the user to the "Toppings" tab, which is the fourth tab.
					Exit:
						Exits the application.
						
	IV. 	The "Toppings" tab contains:
				A list that allows the user to select a selection of pizza toppings they wish to order.
				Three Buttons:
					Go Back:
						This button sends the user back to the previous tab, the "Sizes" tab.
					Checkout:
						This button sends the user to the "Checkout" window, which is Window 2.
					Exit:
						Exits the application.